what when I have one back here was a
today and in today's video I will be
working on Miata
so the from previous video like couple
days ago
if you guys have seen it we went to a
junkyard and founders of a Miata that me
I had a bunch of parts that we got out
of it like the front front flip side
skirts the coils or the springs blowing
Springs exhaust and a couple other
things so in today's video I'm gonna be
installing the exhaust the coils or the
springs the side skirts and the front
lip all I have a small stand up in the
front but I want to have there it's a
bit bigger and I'm doing selling that on
it for some of the guys that were
wondering what happened to super wood
GSU with a and everything it's right
here it's parked in the garage having
gone time to work on it that much but
it's here don't worry things will come
to it and we're gonna be doing punch
things through the car but for now it's
time to focus on this thing
[Music]
since my Jacksons are Sydney too so
so they use this Jack - let's drop it in
and put onto that
[Music]
I just realized a lot of our tools are
not here from above the hands within and
discard so instead what I'll be doing is
try to go down there and see if I can
put the exhaust on put the Koran bring
it backwards so I can jack up the back
and
[Music]
so I can reach out to the car went to
the back and already have a look down
there and it's pretty easy so there's
only two two volts at the cat-boy at
around the 12 so after we use that and
then there's just bunch of hangers like
one-handed there two three four five
five hangers take my hangers put them
back on the hangers and I'll have the
exhaust lock both that I had to remove
one day one day and then now there is
one fingertips right here one hanging
right there and open the back
[Music]
exhaust out and it's pretty glossy the
exhaust off and was pretty much stuck
there
tip the hangers out and we still suck I
use my foot to keep the mock up and then
I finally moves back so now let's put on
the new one and see how it sounds so now
that I got the old exhaust up I'll be
putting this one on and it's the same
thing so we have to to not screw those
on I'll put the nut back or shift it to
see no yeah should we sing so put the
nuts on and after that put the hangers
on and that's it it's up for the exhaust
yeah I got the exhaust on I'll show you
guys once I'm done how cancel everything
but now we put in this lip this is my
original one so this is how it was and
then this is the one we got from garden
yes you can see the difference and Plus
this thing has like that have garage
sticker to put your shape and I love
these ones because it goes a lot lower
so if I put up this
[Music]
but you can see the difference so I'll
put it putting that on now and my cam
right now is running out of charge so go
put on tripe while it charged up I'll
put this one on and I'll take it out and
show us that what I did to assignment
the big jump but I think you a chance to
film it but I did put the front leg the
exhaust is on so now I will go to market
or something
I'll show you that's exactly how I want
to see really happy with the process
today it could have been a work
the front-end design of the exhaust on
features a little bit of pink because
most of the world rust but I got that
down
get the gas he should try man
[Music]
yeah sorry I look pretty
really dude you haven't cleaned up right
after the car finished I pick it up
horseman just went to the guest put some
gas on it and he ran I put a little
montage of how the car looks
[Music]
never
Oh
[Music]
okay so you know
no no no don't Stacy so this is it for
the video today that's all I'm going to
do today I have the side script I got a
photon so and this spring's I got a four
on I'd bring a chance to do any of that
and some of the tools of the someone do
the need a twirl Brothers car but the
side skirts I do not have screws enough
screws to put that on so I've got to
make a run to Home Depot and get the
tools as well so that's probably another
video if you did like this video please
leave a like share and subscribe go down
and our old old videos I don't really
recommend it but go down and have a look
at this and see the transformation from
where the car came to where it is now
and I've done a lot of work to it and
I'm really proud of the way how it
turned out there's so much more things
that I'm going to be doing some of the
things that are I'm hoping that's gonna
happen is after I get the engine running
properly I will definitely look into
getting least turbine this thing -
honestly Kim you came a long way we came
a long way I've had it for almost a year
and a half now and I've done a lot of
work to put a lot of money into this so
yeah this is it for today's video
if you did like it please like share and
subscribe yeah so guess I'll wrap up the
video here and I'll catch the next one